I am cardinal pace and I bring as author of
'the one double bogey one motorcycle sanchez or
any car that can not be natural
that only leave the three modes that leaves
what this japan raffle in the
sure the pump and sell is worth it then let's go
to do it to let them tolerate it
today we have my debut here and it 's the one
jose this is mine as you see is mine
I have to have it in our position and
take any car from the street to
have a must in a game by
imitation with a friend
put in place the appearance the last
location if it does not happen here we are in
version 1.0 9
then with this car with any
street car in the workshop
and we will be able to change almost everything
double
Sanchez or whatever and what we have
what to do now is to get into paint
and once inside painting we're going to
the store
once in the store
we go back
and we really should appear in
our fox
As you can see we are in our car and we
we put inside the workshop
you see now you give me to put the
paint that I want
in this case it does not stop because it leaves me
the painting
what are you going to do what do you want to put
now some wheels because the same process
but with the wheels we take a car from
the street because
this for example days
he is a son of a bitch jose
nothing
good god
we take
like the night of the street
As you can see, it's still there, our car has
destroyed we put it in the garage
and the same process but in this case that
you have the wheel
we will not type wheels is
the distinction is pain
and once inside the playstation
stable we go out again
help
You already know that this takes a little but
that is the process have a new and last
location as place of appearance we
we get with a street car
selected what we want in this
case we have selected paint and now
wheels once inside paint or from
tires we get into playstation store
we leave it and we get with remains with
his playstation in the workshop and then
change you have to do the process to
everything we want to put into the louvre
movies
for sanchez to proximal others
to feve injection I think that too and
good all the cars that
and now the new one has looked like a car
but nothing happens
we go here where is my car here
if wade is pending
and jose
well we come with our car
and as you can see we can change it from
forward the all-rounder put of which
we want
I have chosen it with the face of
address it from claudication
let's put one
is for example accessory as you see
can put everything we want
Once this is done we leave it and then
so on with the turbo with the
engine and with everything and I say again that
It's worth it for any car we have
what
that is not going to duplicate and nothing like
always like to subscribe if you have
liked and
and until another goodbye